HSBC ESG Update
HSBC Private Bank
Global Liquidity and Cash Management
HSBC websites
Financial regulation
Sustainable Financing
HSBCnet
Sector and theme based insight
You could capitalise on growth opportunities by leveraging the global expertise and in-depth knowledge of our experienced capital financing solutions specialists.
We publish regularly updated information on our performance in relation to environmental, social and governance issues. Read more about our approach to ESG in the April 2019 report.
You are leaving the HSBC Global Banking and Markets website.
Stay current on how economics, currencies, equities, fixed income and climate change impact investors with our high-quality research and analysis.
About HSBC
Our  extensive range of products is combined with knowledgeable support, competitive  pricing and  dedicated after-sales  service. This is backed by the breadth and depth of our global network that  gives you access to international markets, and enables us to support clients  around the world in various sectors including institutional investors, hedge  funds, retail product distributors, governments, supranationals, and  corporates.
Contact us
To discuss service offerings from Global Banking and Markets, kindly speak to your relationship manager.
See our Cookie Policy
Accessing China’s bond market
Help improve global business positions with bespoke solutions using our range of services – from credit and equities, to foreign exchange and rates, to structured products and more.
Structured Products | Markets | Solutions | HSBC
Mergers and Acquisitions
Primary navigation
Understand the new financial world
The Global Banking and Markets management team is led by Chief Executive and Group Managing Director Samir Assaf, reporting directly to HSBC Group Chief Executive, Noel Quinn.
Solutions
Website survey
Client Coverage
Footer
You could gain a competitive edge with customisable fund administration, global custody and sub-custody settlement, and corporate trust and loan agency services.
Complaint Handling
Insights
Switzerland
Help maximise control over cash flows with our global payables, cards, receivables and clearing services as well as an array of liquidity and investment solutions.
HSBC UK Ring Fencing
Global Research
Asia-Pacific
As the M&A advisor to many of the world’s multinational businesses, governments and institutions, HSBC is well positioned to deliver the financing and knowledge you need to meet your growth objectives.
Canada
Structured products
HSBC Asset Management
Awards
Sector perspective insights
Tailored to meet your needs
Please be aware that the external site policies will differ from our website terms and conditions and privacy policy. The next site will open in a new browser window or tab.
I understand, let's proceed
, Selected
Financing and Advisory Services
Cookie Policy
Regional information
Management Team
About GBM
Privacy policy
Quick links
Global themes insights
Our comprehensive range of product and solutions could be combined and customised to meet your business’ specific growth ambitions and financial objectives.
United States
Related insights
Protect capital, improve yields and more with a range of products tailored by HSBC’s structuring and sales professionals.
Markets
HSBC.com
Global Trade and Receivables Finance
Main Content
Asian High Yield – strong issuance and recent volatility
Close
Global Markets
Terms and Conditions
In this increasingly interconnected world, ideas and capital are flowing around the globe, driving growth and disrupting the status quo. New trade routes emerge, propelling emerging economies to the spotlight and creating opportunities for companies and financial institutions worldwide.
Booming MENA bond market fuels diversification drive
Creating opportunities
Many of the industry's leading publications recognise our success as an emerging markets-led and financing-focused wholesale bank.
Menu
Our  product range covers all the main asset classes including Foreign Exchange  (FX), Equities, Fixed Income and Commodities. We also  develop  tailored solutions  in terms of wrappers, funding levels, minimum sizes and available currencies.
Whatever  the final objective – minimising the cost of capital, hedging, diversifying the  portfolio, or managing credit exposures – a robust investment and asset  allocation strategy could help  you    optimise returns while minimising risks. HSBC can support    you   by  supplementing your investment portfolio with structured products solutions ,  which can be used to access particular markets, isolate desired returns and  risks, protect against adverse market outcomes and take advantage of optimised  trading strategies. These  solutions can either be standardised  products or bespoke creations for individual clients.
United Kingdom
Benefit from a client coverage model that focuses on building deep long-term relationships with clients for advisory, financing and trading needs.
Securities Services
You could manage trade risk, process trade transactions and fund trade activities more efficiently with HSBC’s full suite of trade and receivables finance products and services.
HSBC’s  global team of structuring and sales professionals offers in-depth expertise in  analysing, structuring and pricing these products.
Cancel
Global Banking and Markets
Financial Regulation
